discontinue Maix Bit releases (#719)
selfcustody/krux: docs/getting-started/installing/from-source.en.md

```

### Flash the firmware onto the device

> Connect the device to your computer via USB (for Maix Amigo, make sure you’re using bottom port), power it on, and run the following, replacing `DEVICE` with either `m5stickv`, `amigo`, `cube`, `dock`, `yahboom` or `wonder_mv`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect the device to your computer via USB (for Maix Amigo, make sure you’re using bottom port), power it on, and run the following, replacing `DEVICE` with either `m5stickv`, `amigo`, `cube`, `dock`, `tzt`, `yahboom`, `wonder_mv` and `wonder_k`:
```
